Add `QSVT.data` property to improve backend inference (#5226)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h4>Other improvements</h4>

> * The `QSVT` operation now has a `data` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `QSVT` operation now determines it's `data` from the block encoding and projector operator data.
```

Technically it had a `data` property. It just wasn't really what it should have been.
